Support scanning for coderefs for non-git codebases (#129)
launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs: docs/EXAMPLES.md

  --repoType="github"
  --repoUrl="$YOUR_REPOSITORY_URL" # example: https://github.com/launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs
```
## Scanning non-git repositories

> By default, `ld-find-code-refs` will attempt to infer repository metadata from a git configuration. If you are scanning codebase a version control system other than git, you may use the `--revision` and `--branch` options to manually provide information about your codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `ld-find-code-refs` will attempt to infer repository metadata from a git configuration. If you are scanning a codebase with a version control system other than git, you must use the `--revision` and `--branch` options to manually provide information about your codebase.
```
